UIP-625: added TextInput component (#268)
cbinsights/form-design-system: src/components/forms/textInput.stories.mdx

        </FlexItem>
        <FlexItem>
          <TextInput type="number" label="Zipcode" after="90210" />
        </FlexItem>
      </Flex>
    </>
  </Story>
</Preview>

### Throttle

The prop `onThrottleChange` fires a callback that throttles less than 5 characters,
and debounces 5 or more characters.
https://www.peterbe.com/plog/how-to-throttle-and-debounce-an-autocomplete-input-in-react

View this story in Canvas, in the action tab, to see how the callback is throttled.

<Preview>
  <Story name="Throttle">
    <TextInput
      throttleOnChange={action("changed")}
    />
  </Story>
</Preview>

### Controlled Input

<Story name="Controlled Input">
  <TextInput
    value="Controlled"
  />
</Story>

### Icons

<Story name="Icons">
  <TextInput
    IconLeft={CaretDownIcon}
    IconRight={CaretDownIcon}
  />
</Story>

### Side label

<Story name="Before & After">
  <TextInput
    before="before"
    after="after"
  />
</Story>

### Side Labels + Icon

<Story name="Side + Icon">
  <TextInput
    label="Label"
    placeholder="placeholder"
    before="before"
    after="after"
    IconLeft={CaretDownIcon}
    IconRight={CaretDownIcon}
  />
</Story>

### Misc

> Can be used with InputGroup (why don't these stretch full width?)

Reviewer: was this an unaddressed TODO?

Author: This is possibly more of a question for you I think? IconInput, DecoratedInput, etc, all stretch to be 100% width, except InputGroup. Sort of wondering if it's expected that this is different, or if it should be the same.

I'm glad I wrote this because I completely forgot about it.

Reviewer: the outer border for an input group is the root element of the `InputGroup` component. This element is set to `min-content` because the last `input` or `select` element in the group does not grow to fill remaining space.

      <Flex>
        <FlexItem>
          <TextInput label="First Name" required />
        </FlexItem>
        <FlexItem>
          <TextInput label="Last Name" required />
        </FlexItem >
      </Flex>
      <Flex>
        <FlexItem>
          <TextInput
            type="email"
            label="Email"
            errorText="Enter a valid email address"
            placeholder="e.g. anand@cbinsights.com"
          />
        </FlexItem>
        <FlexItem>
          <TextInput type="password" label="Password" />
        </FlexItem>
        <FlexItem>
          <TextInput type="number" label="Zipcode" after="90210" />
        </FlexItem>
      </Flex>
    </>
  </Story>
</Preview>

### Throttle

The prop `onThrottleChange` fires a callback that throttles less than 5 characters,
and debounces 5 or more characters.
https://www.peterbe.com/plog/how-to-throttle-and-debounce-an-autocomplete-input-in-react

View this story in Canvas, in the action tab, to see how the callback is throttled.

<Preview>
  <Story name="Throttle">
    <TextInput
      onThrottledChange={action("changed")}
    />
  </Story>
</Preview>

### Controlled Input

<Story name="Controlled Input">
  <TextInput

>     value="Controlled"

Reviewer: our example should also show an `onChange` prop for controlled input

  />
</Story>

### Icons

<Story name="Icons">
  <TextInput
    IconLeft={CaretDownIcon}
    IconRight={CaretDownIcon}
  />
</Story>

### Side label

<Story name="Before & After">
  <TextInput
    before="before"
    after="after"
  />
</Story>

### Side Labels + Icon

<Story name="Side + Icon">
  <TextInput
    label="Label"
    placeholder="placeholder"
    before="before"
    after="after"
    IconLeft={CaretDownIcon}
    IconRight={CaretDownIcon}
  />
</Story>

### Form management library

> You should be able to use this input in any form management library you'd like:

Reviewer: I'd like to declare our preference for react-hook-form here

```suggestion
You may use this input in any form management library you'd like. We recommend `react-hook-form`, which is used in the example below:
```

Author: thanks for the suggested change 👍
